docs: update ansible-mk8s.md (#2442)
splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog: docs/gettingstarted/ansible-mk8s.md

To automate SC4S installation with Ansible, you provide a list of hosts on which you want to run SC4S as well as basic configuration information, such as the Splunk endpoint, HEC token, and TLS configuration. To perform this task, you must have existing understanding of MicroK8s and be able to set up your kubernetes cluster architecture and configuration.

## Step 1: Prepare your initial configuration

1. Before you run SC4S with Ansible, update `values.yaml` with your Splunk endpoint and HEC token. 
You can find the [example file here](/charts/splunk-connect-for-syslog/values.yaml).

> 2. In the inventory file, povide a list of hosts on which you want to run your Docker Swarm cluster and the host application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the inventory file, provide a list of hosts on which you want to run your cluster and the host application:
```

``` yaml
--8<---- "ansible/inventory/inventory_microk8s.yaml"
```
3. Alternatively, you can spin up a high-availability cluster:
``` yaml
--8<---- "ansible/inventory/inventory_microk8s_ha.yaml"
```
## Step 2: Deploy SC4S on your configuration
1. If you have Ansible installed on your host, run the Ansible playbook to deploy SC4S. Otherwise, use the Docker Ansible image provided in the package:
```bash
# From repository root
docker-compose -f ansible/docker-compose.yml build
docker-compose -f ansible/docker-compose.yml up -d
docker exec -it ansible_sc4s /bin/bash
```

> 2. If you used the Docker Ansible image in step 1, then from your container remote shell, authenticate to and run the Docker Swarm Ansible playbook.

Reviewer: Name collision, Step 1 and Step 2 were used in the headers and it's all step 2

> 2. If you used the Docker Ansible image in step 1, then from your container remote shell, authenticate to and run the Docker Swarm Ansible playbook.

Reviewer: `and run the MicroK8s playbook`

```ini
syslog-ng starting up; version='3.28.1'
```

> You can verify whether all services in the Swarm cluster work by checking the ```sc4s_container``` in Splunk. Each service should have a different container ID. All other fields should be the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify whether all services in the cluster work by checking the ```sc4s_container``` in Splunk. Each service should have a different container ID. All other fields should be the same.
```
